Troopers
    First damage instance will get re-applied if it wasn't enough to kill.
    This re-application happens up to 7 times, or enough to kill.
    Dash and Frag Impacts have a scalar of zero, so this re-application still happens
        but is zeroed out; basically skipping it.
    Meathook, while it does zero damage, doesn't have a scalar of zero, so the damage
        re-applicaiton does 84 damage.

Stone Imps
    Some damage scalars are applied on top of the base scalar.
    Any scalars listed in the "damageModifiers" are applied on top of the base scalar.
    "stoneModifiers" are not.

Destroyer Blade & Arbalest Impact
    Fodder, Carcasses, and Prowlers all take an extra 9999 damage from the impact of an
        Arbalest shot, and any Destroyer Blade charge level.

Cursed Prowler
    When cursed, all damage on the Cursed Prowler is reduced to zero, except for Blood Punch.
    Blood Punch's 4x scalar is applied again if cursed. (2400 when not cursed; 9600 when cursed)

Riot Soldiers
    Immune to headshots.

Screecher Zombies
    Screechers have health regeneration. The regen rate is per second.
    Seems to be applied every half second, but still equals the same rate/s
    Regen starts 3 seconds after the last damage instance.

Cacodemon
    Staggering a Cacodemon with a sticky bomb or frag grenade causes 1000 damage

Staggers
    When a demon recovers from a stagger, its health resets to half.
    If the demon's health is above the amount that it would get reset to, their health does not reset.
    Each subsequent stagger recovery resets health to half the previous successful reset.
    (e.g. Revenant has 2000HP; first stagger recovery is 1000HP, then 500HP, etc)

Hammer
    Hammer damage source is hammer_slam_aoe_super.decl. No idea where any mitigation values are.
    Some demons take 1.25x more damage from the Hammer (Imps/Turrets/MaykrDrones)
    Need to test the rest of the demons.

Crucible
    Crucible was nerfed in Update 2 to only do 0.25x damage against Doom Hunters and the Gladiator.
    This change does not affect normal Doom Hunters since crucible is set to oneshot the sled, and sledless HP is 2500.
    (Does affect Doom Hunter Boss variants when sledless)

Doom Hunter
    Doom Hunters take 1.5x damage when their shield is broken. (Does not apply to BP)
    Crucible is redirected to the sled, even if you hit the shield. So is Blood Punch.
    Heat Blast is redirected to the shield.

Dark Lord
    Dark Lord has 3 phases, but 5 healthbars.
    Phase 1 is a single healthbar. Phase 2 is two healthbars (more total health, less per single bar) Phase 3 is two healthbars (equal to two phase1 bars).
    Instead of the standard way damage is tracked by the game (damage reduces HP), Dark Lord just tracks damage dealt.
        This means his HP starts at zero (technically max but gets set to "damageDealt" at the first damage instance).
    Stagger happens when damageDealt >= HP



TODO
    Spirit/Screecher Buffs
    Armored Baron Mace
    Weapon Firerates
    ...
        